added docs restructuring (#81)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/basics/faq/Overview.md

## Why does Subsocial need a parachain?

> To learn about why Subsocial is launching as a parachain, please read 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about why Subsocial launched as a parachain, please read 
```
